.\" @(#)user.1 2.0 20.Aug.1998 Talisman
.ds p xwins
.TH user 1 "2012-02-06" "Group Talisman" "Talisman User Commands"
.SH NAME
xwins \- View one or more X windows in a zoomable OpenGL viewer.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
\fB\*p\fP
[
[ \fB\--help\fP ]
]
[ \fB\--debug \fP ]
[ \fB\--rot \fIfxr/yr/zr\fP ]
[ \fB\--xyz \fIfx/y/z\fP ]
[ \fB\--port \fP ]
[ \fB\--display \fIdisplay\fP ]
[ \fIwindow-id\fP ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B \*p
is a utility intended to enable use of a Spaceball to manipulate zoomable
extra views of one or more current X windows using OpenGL.
.LP
Several Spaceball buttons have special uses:
.LP
.B 1
add a X window (which is selected with mouse button 1) to \*p.
.LP
.B 2
clear all windows from \*p.
.LP
.B 3
toggle from full-view mode to correct-aspect mode.
.LP
.B 5
snap back to the initial viewpoint.
.LP
.B 10
(button 5, held, on the SpacePilot PRO)
toggle window animation.
.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
To have \*p default to making a window on the current display, and
allow the user to select the window to view in it with the mouse:
.IP
.B \*p
.LP
To display a specific window by its X window ID:
.IP
.B \*p
.I window-id
.LP
To bring up a window on the current display, and a second on another 
display (noting that the mapped X windows probably won't be visible):
.IP
.B \*p --display
.I other-display
.B \--port --display
.I this-display
.B \--port
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xmag(1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright ©2012, 2016 C. Alex. North\-Keys
.PP
Author's credit must be retained in binaries, manual entries, sources, and
derived code.
.PP
This software may be freely copied, distributed, compiled, or altered,
provided the above restrictions are observed, except where otherwise noted
 below.
.PP
This software is provided "as is", with no warranty, guarantee, support,
maintenance, update schedule, claims to fitness for any purpose, or
anything else from the author or any other physical or legal entity.
.PP
See the source code for additional copyright and limitation information.
.PP
The 3Dconnexion xdevelop driver library used by \*p is governed by a
License Grant allowing authors to distribute those files but does not
appear to grant right of redistribution to those receiving the files.  To
acquire that right, see:
http://www.3dconnexion.com/service/software-developer/licence-agreement.html
.PP
.SH AUTHOR

